Speaker notes for destructuring-structs.md (#265)
google/comprehensive-rust: src/pattern-matching/destructuring-structs.md

```rust,editable
{{#include ../../third_party/rust-by-example/destructuring-structs.rs}}
```
<details>
  
Key Points:
* Showcase the different ways you can match on a struct by giving the fields literal values, variables, and wildcards.

>     * Illustrate how limitating a literal value can be, if it’s unnecessary.

Reviewer: Hey @cchiw, I don't understand what you mean by this?

Can you make the steps more direct: instead of "showcase the different ways", try saying what the instructor should do in detail.

Author: Ok, modified. Let me know what you think

```rust,editable
{{#include ../../third_party/rust-by-example/destructuring-structs.rs}}
```
<details>

* Change the literal values in `foo` to match with the other patterns.

> * Try adding a new field to the `Foo` struct and make changes to the pattern as needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a new field to `Foo` and make changes to the pattern as needed.
```
